Aha integration (#21362)
demisto/content: Packs/AHA/Integrations/AHA/AHA_description.md

 To access the Aha! service, you need to provide 

>  your Aha! server URL for example: "https://example.com.aha.io/"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 your Aha! server URL. For example: "https://example.com.aha.io/"
```

 And API key as parameters for the integration.
 
 To generate your personal api_key, visit:
 https://secure.aha.io/settings/api_keys
 
 The integration supports the following workflows:

>  - Aha! Get features (Lists all features unless a specific feature is requested.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Aha! Get features (Lists all features, or a specific feature.)
```

>  - Aha! Edit feature (Can Edit a feature name, description and status.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Aha! Edit feature (you can Edit a feature name, description, and status.)
```
